Wrestler of the Year

March 2017

Joey Blumer (Kiski Area)
 
This season, we honor one of our longtime Mat Factory Club Members, wily Joey Blumer of Kiski Area, as our Wrestler of the Year. A returning AAA PIAA State Placewinner, Joey made his mark early in the 2016-17 campaign by placing at the prestigious national level tournament, the Super 32 tournament in Greensboro, NC and didn't let up from the early start to the season. His placement at the Super 32 earned him a top 20 ranking in the Country and shortly thereafter committed to NCAA Champion Penn State. As a leader of the perennial AAA powerhouse, Kiski Area, he helped lead the Cavaliers to a 3rd Place finish at the PIAA AAA State Team Championships. In the post-season, Joey finished as Section & WPIAL AAA runner-up to former World Champion Jarod Verklereen. He finished his Senior campaign placing at the State tournament a second time, won in the prestigious Pittsburgh Classic and finished 5th at FloNationals, twice defeating PIAA AA State Champion Cole Matthews of Reynolds. Joey's work ethic, academic prowess and constant desire to improve will lend itself to great things for Joey under the tutelage of the legendary Cael Sanderson.

March 2016

Damon Greenwald
(Burrell)
 
Jake Robb
(Armstrong)
This year, The Mat Factory again continues to build on it’s growing list of PIAA Champions and added two to the list in 2016. Damon Greenwald of Burrell becomes the 4th different wrestler in as many years to capture a State Wrestling title for the Bucs, winning the 152 lbs. AA State Championship, defeating GioVanne Sanders of Jeannette in the Final, whom he also beat in the WPIAL Championship match. Damon plans to continue his Wrestling career collegiately at Seton Hill University. Jake Robb was crowned the 220 lbs. AAA State Champion for Armstrong High School, the first ever for the newly formed school. Jake dominated through the State bracket, pinning or tech falling his way to his first State Championship. Jake will continue his wrestling career at Mercyhurst University. We are proud of these two for their extraordinary accomplishments but more importantly, their work ethic, character and drive that helped them achieve such a lofty goal. We know that success will follow these two as they move to the next level.

March 2015

Allan Beattie (Burrell)
The 2015 Mat Factory Wrestler of the Year goes to another product of the Burrell Wrestling Powerhouse, and 7th PIAA State AA Champion crowned in the illustrious school’s history, Allan Beattie. Allan completed an almost perfect run through his Senior campaign, going 48-1, with his only loss coming to another Mat Factory Wrestler and PIAA runner-up at 220, Kittanning’s Jake Robb. Allan was a pinning machine through the season recording an amazing 43 falls. Another amazing stat around Allan’s Senior season as the Buc’s captain was he did not yield a takedown all season long. Allan finished off his run to a State Title against Southmoreland’s Jacob Beistel, whom he beat in the Finals the prior two weeks at both WPIALs and Southwest Regionals, winning in Hershey by a score of 3-1. We are also proud to announce Allan will be continuing his Wrestling career collegiately at our Alma Mater, the University of Pittsburgh-Johnstown. We look forward to watching Al continue his career for the Mountain Cats and being a major contributor in their continued success.

March 2014

Jason Nolf (Kittanning)
Steven Edwards (Burrell)
It’s been a year since the Mat Factory has awarded a Wrestler of the Month, but we are revisited by two of our long-standing members who are crowned 2014 Mat Factory Co-Wrestlers of the Year, both of whom were also crowned PIAA State Champions in 2014 as well. Congratulations goes out to Steven Edwards and, once again, Jason Nolf on reaching the pinnacle in ‘hands down’ the most competitive High School Wrestling State in the Country. For Jason, this was his 3rd State Title, which he dominated all the way through the tournament, including a Fall in the Finals. Jason wraps up his decorated High School career a 3-time Champion, in many rankings and National Publications, the #1 Wrestler in the Country and a stellar career record of 176-1. Jason will be heading to State College to compete for 3x NCAA Team Champion Penn State and Wrestling Legend, Cael Sanderson. Steve’s path was a little tougher, but, once again, his grit and blue-collar-like effort broke the will of his opponents . He battled his way to the Finals where he scored the match winning takedown in sudden death to win his first State Title by a score of 7-5. Steve also capped off his Senior Season with Tourney Titles at the Bedford Thomas Subaru Tournament, King of the Mountain along with his first WPIAL and Regional Titles. Steve will continue his career for Pat Pecora at the University of Pittsburgh-Johnstown in the Fall. We take immense pride in seeing all that these two have accomplished and are excited to see what they do at the next level.
 
March 2013
 
Dakota DesLauriers (Burrell)
Jason Nolf (Kittanning)
Tyler Smith (Franklin Regional) 
 
The Mat Factory proudly recognizes our 3 State Champions as Wrestlers of the Month for the final and most pivotal month of the wrestling season, March. In the toughest wrestling state in the Country, all 3 of these young men navigated their way through the ir respective brackets en route to State Gold. Starting off the Mat Factory ‘Gold Rush’, in class AA, Jason Nolf of Kittanning continued his winning ways and capped it off with a 4-2 win over Keystone Oaks’ Nick Zanetta in the Finals to collect his 2nd State Championship, the 4th time Jason beat Zanetta in as many weeks. Jason finished his Junior season unbeaten at 45-0. At 182 lbs, Burrell’s Dakota DesLauriers dominated his opponents and used a late takedown against Muncy’s Troy Hembury to break a 1-1 deadlock and complete his run to a State Title with an unblemished record of 36-0 still in tact. In class AAA, Franklin Regional’s Tyler Smith used his superior scrambling and riding skills to make it to the 132 lbs. Finals and take down Cumberland Valley’s Patrick Duggan to claim State Gold in his Junior campaign. Three young men who’s tireless devotion to the sport and commitment to the highest of achievements demonstrate that dreams do come true with a lot of belief and even more elbow grease…Great job, gentlemen, it is an honor to get to coach young men such as yourselves.
 

December 2012
Jason Nolf (Kittanning),
The March Mat Factory salutes it’s first Wrestler of the Month for the 2012-2013 season in Kittanning’s Jason Nolf. Jason has capped off another tremendous start to his Junior campaign winning three titles in all three tournaments that Kittanning has competed in through the month of December. Jason pinned his way
through the Eastern Area Invitational, annually kicking off the season at Gateway High School. Jason followed that dominating performance with a Final victory over highly-touted Cole Walter of Mifflinburg in the prestigious King of the Mountain tournament. Jason wrapped up the month of December with his first Title at one of the premier high school wrestling events in the Nation, the Powerade Christmas Tournament, in a clash of two Mat Factory studs in the finals, Jason prevailed over our own Tyler Smith of Franklin Regional, 8-4. Jason is in late season form to kick off the season and on a crash course to compete for his second PIAA Title in March. Others in consideration for this month’s award were Burrell’s Dakota DesLauriers, who also won his 2nd Powerade Title with a 3-1 decision over Blair Academy’s Addison Knepshield. Kiski Area’s Cole Landowski, who won two titles at Eastern Areas and Manheim and Burrell’s Corey Falleroni, who is off to a 14-2 start despite wrestling up a weight class, winning the title at Cumberland Valley and placing at the Powerade Tournament. Fantastic job by all of our Club guys to kick off the season and a true testament to the strength of the Mat Factory Wrestling Room. Stay focused, gentlemen.

March 2012
Dakota DesLauriers (Burrell),
Jason Nolf (Kittanning),
Tyler Smith (Franklin Regional)
 
The March Mat Factory Wrestlers of the Month are our 3 State Medalists. Burrell’s Dakota DesLauriers dominated his way into the PIAA State AA Finals, but had to settle for runner-up in his Junior year after a hard-fought 6-4 loss to Wes Phipps of Grove City for the Title. Dakota ended his Junior campaign with a 42-1
record. Defending PIAA Champion Jason Nolf of Kittanning was stopped short in his quest for his second title in the State AA Semi-finals in a closely-contested bout with Ryan Diehl of Trinity HS, the eventual Champion, regrouped and battled back for a 3rd place finish at this year’s State Tournament. Tyler Smith of Franklin Regional HS, pictured above, lost in the quarter final round to eventual champion Godwin Nyama of Brashear, and fought his way back through the consolation bracket to secure a 5th place spot on the 120 lbs. podium in the AAA State Tournament. Coach Greeley and Como are very proud of your accomplishments, gentlemen and only foresee the minor ‘bumps’ in the road that you may have encountered at the State tournament as motivation as you again prepare on the quest to win State Gold. Congratulations again!!

February 2012
Dakota DesLauriers (Burrell),
Jason Nolf (Kittanning),
Tyler Smith (Franklin Regional),
Cole Landowski (Kiski Area),
Phil Marra (Burrell),
Steve Edwards (Burrell)

The month of February is a tribute to all of our dedicated club members whose extra time and commitment have paid off to ‘punch their ticket’ and earn a berth at the 2012 PIAA State Wrestling Championships. The Burrell trio of Phil Marra, Steve Edwards and Dakota DesLauriers carried the load of Burrell’s 11th consecutive top 2 Team finish at the Southwest Regional AA Tournament. Edwards and Marra took the hard road back through the consolation bracket to finish 4th place and earn their first trip to the AA State tournament. DesLauriers, on the other hand, is no
stranger to the big stage and won his 2nd Southwest Regional Title in dominating fashion, pinning his way through the 182 lbs. bracket, thus keep his unblemished record in tact. Speaking of unblemished records, Kittaning’s Jason Nolf dismantled the 113 lbs. weight class and dominated Bedford’s Ryan Easter in the finals by a major decision and is poised to defend his State Title. Tyler Smith of Franklin Regional has earned his 2nd berth to the PIAA AAA State Championships, by earning runner-up honors in the meat-grinder known as the WPIAL AAA Championships. Cole Landowski of Kiski Area earned his way to the AAA State Tournament by battling back for a 3rd place finish in the 138 lbs. weight class. Best of Luck in Hershey, gentlemen, BRING HOME SOME HARDWARE!

January 2012
Steve Edwards & Corey Falleroni
(Burrell High School)
 
Two of the Mat Factory’s most consistent members, both had turned in strong Performances of the past month, helping spearhead Burrell High School’s late season surge to winning their 8th WPIAL Team Title . During that run from the Section 3-AA Team Championships to the PIAA AA Team Championships , Edwards racked up an impressive 7-1 record for the Bucs. Falleroni won the Tide-turning bout in the WPIAL AA Team Semi-finals with an overtime win over Previously unbeaten Tanner Sutton of Chartiers-Houston. Both Edwards and Falleroni also stepped onto the medal stand at the Westmoreland County Wrestling tournament during January as well. Edwards knocked off #1 seed Tyler Reinhart of Greensburg-Salem to reach the finals while Falleroni Battled back through the consy bracket for a 5th place finish. Both just sophomores, their extra efforts in their training have paid off big dividends, Both ranked
among the top AA WPIAL wrestlers, according to www.wpialwrestling.net, with Edwards being ranked #3 at 132 lbs while Falleroni is ranked #5 at 145. Primed for their runs at a State medal in March, these two young men are perfect examples of how extra time and effort really Can propel your abilities to the next level….congrats and good luck Corey and Steve.
